Replace redirected urls with their targets (#4557)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: oteps/0199-support-elastic-common-schema-in-opentelemetry.md

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/866830/223049510-93c5dab0-0fc1-4b54-8ac4-e5bcfef81156.png" width="300">
</p>

1. `A`: ECS comes with a rich set of fields that cover broad logging, observability and security use cases. Many fields are additive to the OTel SemConv and would enrich the OTel SemConv without major conflicts. Examples are [Geo information fields](https://www.elastic.co/docs/reference/ecs/ecs-geo), [Threat Fields](https://www.elastic.co/docs/reference/ecs/ecs-threat), and many others.

> 2. `B`: Conversely, there are attributes in the OTel SemConv that do not exist in ECS and would be an enrichment to ECS. Examples are the [Messaging semantic conventions](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/semconv/general/trace/) or technology-specific conventions, such as the [AWS SDK conventions](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/semconv/general/trace/).

Author: these replacements could be better

Author: ```suggestion
2. `B`: Conversely, there are attributes in the OTel SemConv that do not exist in ECS and would be an enrichment to ECS. Examples are the [Messaging semantic conventions](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/semconv/registry/attributes/messaging/) or technology-specific conventions, such as the [AWS SDK conventions](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/semconv/registry/attributes/aws/).
```
